Meeting Minutes 2020 05 26
==========================

Present: Alan Stokes (Skype), Caoimhín Laoide-Kemp (Skype),
Jonas Faßbender (Skype)


Actions
-------

* New

  - **Jonas Faßbender:** Implement the forward pass for the MLP

  - **Jonas Faßbender:** Work plan in README

* On-going

  - **Jonas Faßbender:** Familiarize with SpiNNaker runtime

  - **Jonas Faßbender:** Look at ResNet-50v1.5 in more detail

  - **Jonas Faßbender:** Look at MLPerf benchmark in more detail
    (closed division and rules)

  - **Jonas Faßbender:** plan architecture of the program

* Finished


Discussion
----------

Update on how my work is getting along. The Log section will describe
what happened and what I did last week.
I feel confident about me being able to stick to the work plan.


Log
---

* Last Friday the SpiNNaker core team fixed the bug we unearthed in the
  LivePacketGatherer. The issue can be found
  `here <https://github.com/SpiNNakerManchester/SpiNNFrontEndCommon/issues/593>`_

* Set up the sceleton for the dissertation document and did some
  literature research

* Spend time reading up on neural networks and planned the architecture
  of SpiDNN and its components


DONM
----

Tuesday 2nd of June, 16:00, Skype
