Meeting Minutes 2020 03 03
==========================

Present: Alan Stokes, Caoimhín Laoide-Kemp, Kevin Stratford,
Jonas Faßbender


Actions
-------

* New

  - **Jonas Faßbender:** Incorporate feedback into the report

* On-going

  - **Jonas Faßbender:** Familiarize with SpiNNaker runtime

  - **Jonas Faßbender:** Look at ResNet-50v1.5 in more detail

  - **Jonas Faßbender:** Look at MLPerf benchmark in more detail
    (closed division and rules)

  - **Kevin Stratford:** Read first draft of the report

* Finished

  - **Alan Stokes:** Read first draft of the report

  - **Caoimhín Laoide-Kemp:** Read first draft of the
    report


Discussion
----------

This meeting concerned itself with the feedback for the first draft of
the report.
Feedback I have to incorporate into the report is:

* a few sentences are too long

* inconsistency with Tensorflow and tensorflow

* unnecessary verboseness, mostly in the introduction (both with
  information and in sentences, e.g. this project instead of "Deep
  Learning on SpiNNaker")

* cluttered paragraphs

* Alan Stokes dies -> Losing direct access to SpiNNaker knowledge

* Make more emphasis on my opinion of Spiro's research methods
  (literature review)

* More emphasis on case of failure in work plan section

* Add case of university shutdown because of Corona to risk analysis

* Add more information about SpiNNaker runtime in preliminary
  findings


DONM
----

Tuesday 17th of March, 16:00, room 2.56
